I'll make you a
fine.
I'll make you a fine.
I'm a poor man.
If you get better, you'll have a lot of food.
But I don't want to talk to you every night.
I'm going to go home early.
Ol Well said.
I'm a participatory student from a lower rank and now I'm
a contestant from the upper level.
I'm not overmaking it.
I'm over Señ
What
Oh
Why can't you say what your parents say is love?
It's because you love them more than you love the beginning of love.
That's why you say this.
Remember not to be so sociluous when nothing is happening for you for a long time.
Is it too surpassing?
Let some shade out when the rain stops.
G diffuse noanco unions or
anyJust forget them.
The shore is the mix of waves.
The rocks and the rocks in the water,
all that's left
are closet arms.
I'm not saying that.
I'm saying that now.
But you and I are not married.
We are not married.
You say such things.
I don't listen to you.
Then shut up.
Go away.
I can't sleep in the direction of tomorrow.
I'll tell you later.
You're a fool.
You're late every night.
You're always talking about construction.
I don't think about construction.
What?
You don't think about construction?
While you intend to leave common sense...
It's accurate to put an arrow in a Excod Vaudeville.